Add Coprocessor Charter (English Version) (#16)
tikv/community: sig/coprocessor/constitution.md

> # Coprocessor SIG Constitution

Reviewer: s/Constitution/Charter/g

> This charter follows the TiKV Community constitution, using the role definitions and responsibilities in [SIG Governace](/GOVERNACE-zh_CN.md).

Reviewer 2: This needs to be linked to the English version.

## Scope

> Coprocessor SIG focuses on the TiKV project Coprocessor module, which is the module in TiKV that handles TiDB's pushdown calculations. The primary responsibility of this SIG is to discuss, plan, develop, and maintain the future development of the Coprocessor module. Only Active Contributor or higher-level community members can become members of the SIG and participate in the matter, but the decisions and projects undertaken by the SIG will be made public.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Coprocessor SIG focuses on the Coprocessor module of the TiKV project, which is the module in TiKV that handles TiDB's pushdown calculations. The primary responsibility of this SIG is to discuss, plan, develop, and maintain the future development of the Coprocessor module. Only Active Contributors or higher-level community members can become members of the SIG and participate in SIG activities. However, the decisions and projects undertaken by the Coprocessor SIG will be made public.
```

- Regularly synchronize
  - Synchronize the development progress of current projects every 2 weeks.
  - A full group progress meeting will be held every 2 weeks, depending on the available time of the participants. Members who are currently not developing a project are also eligible to participate in order to know the progress of each project. If members are unable to participate, he / she must apply for leave in advance and update the progress document.
  - A meeting is recorded by one member each time. Meeting notes are completed and made public within 24 hours of the end of the meeting. The meeting notes are recorded by the team members in turn.
  - Slack: https://tikv-wg.slack.com #copr-sig-china

- Organize offline activities

- Tech Leads additional responsibilities
  - Questions from SIG member need to be answered within 2 business days
  - Review code timely
  - Publish tasks (unfinished tasks need to be reassigned if SIG member exits)

## Promtion

- Assessment & Promotion System

>   - Tech Leader evaluates team members on a monthly basis to determine whether members can be promoted to Reviewer by Active Contributor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Tech Leaders evaluate team members on a monthly basis to determine whether they can be promoted from Active Contributor to Reviewer, based on the following aspects:
```

    - Familiar with the code base

>     - Nominated for at least 2 TiKV Committer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Nominated by at least 2 TiKV Committers
```

>     - PR contribution meets any of the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - PR contributions meet any of the following:
```

>       - More than 10 Merge Coprocessor PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - More than 10 merged Coprocessor PRs
```

>       - Merge Coprocessor PR has more than 1000 lines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Merged Coprocessor PRs involve more than 1000 lines of code
```

>       - A task with a difficulty of Medium or above has been completed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Finished at least one task with a difficulty of Medium or above

>       - Presenting design ideas and adopting them into more than 3 executable tasks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Presented design ideas and adopted them in more than 3 executable tasks
```

>   - Tech Leader and TiKV Maintainer evaluate team members on a quarterly basis to determine whether members can be promoted from Reviewer to Committer:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Tech Leaders and TiKV Maintainers evaluate team members on a quarterly basis to determine whether they can be promoted from Reviewer to Committer, based on the following aspects:

```

>     - Show good technical judgment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Exhibited good technical judgment
```

>     - Nominated for at least 2 TiKV Maintainers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Nominated by at least 2 TiKV Maintainers
```

>     - Complete at least two tasks with difficulty Medium or a task with difficulty High

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Complete at least two tasks of Medium difficulty level or one of High difficulty level
```

    - The PR contribution meets at least two points:

>       - Merge Coprocessor PR total line number exceeds 1500 lines within half a year

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Merged Coprocessor PRs involve more than 1500 lines of code within half a year
```

>       - Valid Review Coprocessor PR totals over 10

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Valid Coprocessor PR reviews total over 10
```

>       - Valid Review Coprocessor PR total number of lines exceeds 1000 lines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Valid Coprocessor PR reviews involve over 1000 lines of code
```

> - Advance role rights & obligations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Rights & obligations for advanced roles
```

  - Reviewer
    - Participate in project design decisions

>     - Participate in Coprocessor PR Review and quality control

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Participate in Coprocessor PR reviews and the quality control process
```

>     - Valid Approve / Request Change permission on Coprocessor module PR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Valid Approval/Request Change permissions on PRs of the Coprocessor module
```

  - Committer

>     - Have the rights and obligations of Reviewer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Inherit the rights and obligations of Reviewer
```

>     - Code quality of the overall control project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Ensure overall code quality of the project
```

>     - Guide Contributor and Reviewer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Guide Contributors and Reviewers
```

- Quit

>   - SIG members will be removed from the SIG in the following cases, but retain the corresponding Active Contributor / Reviewer / Committer identity:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - SIG members will be removed from the SIG in the following cases, but retain their corresponding Active Contributor/Reviewer/Committer roles:
```

>     - as a new member did not claim the task within the specified time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - As a new member, not claimed any task within the specified time
```

Reviewer 2: specified time? why not specified here?

>     - Inactive for one quarter in a row

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Inactive for one quarter
```

  - Reviewer will cancel the Reviewer status and reclaim the right if one of the following conditions is met (recoverable after subsequent re-assessment):
    - No reviews for more than one quarter. Any Coprocessor related PR

>     - More than 2 Committer thinks Reviewer is not capable or active enough

Reviewer 2: Please explain these lines in Chinese...
